C# 7.x: out Variables (#44)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/lexical-structure.md

>
> *end example*

> If a sequence of tokens can be parsed (in context) as a *simple_name* ([§11.7.4](expressions.md#1174-simple-names)), *member_access* ([§11.7.6](expressions.md#1176-member-access)), or *pointer_member_access* ([§22.6.3](unsafe-code.md#2263-pointer-member-access)) ending with a *type_argument_list* ([§8.4.2](types.md#842-type-arguments)), the token immediately following the closing `>` token is examined. If it is one of the following:

Reviewer: This disambiguation is not correct.  The correct disambiguation rule appears in #61.  This rule improperly changes the meaning of `M(a < b > c)` from its current meaning (a syntactically valid chain of comparison operators) into a syntax error.  See [HERE](https://sharplab.io/#v2:CYLg1APgAgTABAQQLACgDeq5blAzDgFjgFkBDASwDsAKASk2wxWxbgA05S4BeOSgUwDu7OgG4GrdnABGPTuOaSpAYzmkFSktS4AeGXAB8cZbQ3YAvhMJaOAD1pw0cSyhepY7VExZ4cARgA2KQB7AAd+ACdSABdgiLgdag4AG34AM2iAGikI8gBzAAtoh24jVIyzLF8oQJDwqNj4gyS4cqyc/KKSsvTohRcgA) for a test that demonstrates that this is not correct.

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/pull/61/files#r869861306

Reviewer 2: Brought in the changes from #61 (which I believe can be closed without merging).

>
> *end example*

> If a sequence of tokens can be parsed (in context) as a *simple_name* ([§12.8.4](expressions.md#1284-simple-names)), *member_access* ([§12.8.7](expressions.md#1287-member-access)), or *pointer_member_access* ([§23.6.3](unsafe-code.md#2363-pointer-member-access)) ending with a *type_argument_list* ([§8.4.2](types.md#842-type-arguments)), the token immediately following the closing `>` token is examined. If it is one of the following:

Reviewer 3: I don't think this really works with how the continuation is described. I'd revert this, *or* change the text at line 75.

(It's not immediately clear why this is in an `out` variable PR anyway, mind you.)

Reviewer 2: That was trying to fix a merge conflict. Reverted.

> *Note*: These rules are not applied when parsing a *type_argument_list* in a *namespace_or_type_name* ([§7.8](basic-concepts.md#78-namespace-and-type-names)). *end note*
<!-- markdownlint-disable MD028 -->

> > *Note*: In an *argument_value* of the form `out local_variable_type? variable_reference`, *local_variable_type* may be a generic type; for example: `F(out A<B> name)`. As the language grammar for the argument uses *variable_reference* (which is really *expression*), this context is subject to the disambiguation rule. In this case the closing `>` is followed by an identifier. *end note*

Reviewer 3: This is inaccurate regardless of whether we use Nigel's suggestion - the grammar *used* to use *variable_reference* but it doesn't any more.

Reviewer 2: This was also added when I was resolving merge conflicts. It could be reverted back. Let's discuss at the meeting.

Reviewer 4: I don't recall being responsible for the change from *variable_reference* to *identifier* but whoever it was I believe they are correct. The change does seem to make the note a bit pointless as it is explaining that the *variable_reference* can only be an *identifier* and so the disambiguation rules will apply and this will parse correctly…

However, a revised note might be:

```suggestion
> *Note*: In an *argument_value* of the form `out local_variable_type? identifier`, *local_variable_type* may be a generic type; for example: `F(out A<B> name)`. This example would be subject to the disambiguation rule ([§6.2.5](lexical-structure.md#625-grammar-ambiguities)) and is resolved correct;y as the closing `>` is followed by an identifier. *end note*
```

(Check my x-ref syntax before accepting!)

Reviewer 2: This xref looks good.

Reviewer 3: Action from 2023-04-19: @BillWagner  to remove the note.
